# SDLC-SNHU

The way I interpret user needs is by putting myself in there place. How would I want what the user is decribing to look if I was this user? I then use that perspective to create what I envision this program to be. User stories help this but taking a lot of the guess work out of what I believe a user would want and they provide a general idea of what the user expects.
When it come sto develpoing programs I first try to create a flowchart to help put my ideas on paper. Now with learning agile I hope to start incorperating my own Kanban Board to my projects evern if they are small. I have found that this small change is able to make project flow a lot easier. I also love the idea of breaking a project down to sprints. One thing I want to do as a personal project is create a game in C++ but I have been having trouble finding a starting place. I feel that now learning an agile approach, I have the ability to break it down into smaller bits so I can code it easier. Instead of trying to code everything at once, I could just start my first sprint with figuring out how to get a charactor to move on a screen.
Being a good team member in software development means being a team player and having good communication with your team. Its becoming increasingly hard to develop inovative code on your own in a tech filled modern world. Everyone in every team wants to be the next Steve Jobs or Bill Gates, but you won't get there alone. It takes a team to get something off of the ground. It takes good communitaction to keep it going. To be a good team member means you are going to have to be able to work with others or you won't get anywhere. During this course I discovered just how much communication you truly need just to make sure you are on track. Communication is key in any team enviorment. Its no different in software devlopment.
